README.md, before:

# Hierarchical-Sensor-Monitoring
Alternative Monitoring Solution

HSM is a solution, that allows users to collect, store and process different monitoring data from various sources. Besides traditional data sources, there is a DataCollector library, fully compatible with HSM.

Visit [HSM wiki](https://github.com/SoftFx/Hierarchical-Sensor-Monitoring/wiki) to learn more about the project.

# Getting started

Go to [About](https://github.com/SoftFx/Hierarchical-Sensor-Monitoring/wiki/About) page to learn some common information, then proceed to [Glossary](https://github.com/SoftFx/Hierarchical-Sensor-Monitoring/wiki/Glossary) to become familiar with the main terms connected with the project.

# Setup

Start from installing the HSM server, installation steps are provided at [Server installation](https://github.com/SoftFx/Hierarchical-Sensor-Monitoring/wiki/Server-installation).

# Usage

Once you have installed the product, read [Usage](https://github.com/SoftFx/Hierarchical-Sensor-Monitoring/wiki/Using-the-product) page to learn more about different ways of using the product. You may also need to read [Sensors](https://github.com/SoftFx/Hierarchical-Sensor-Monitoring/wiki/Sensors) to avoid common usage mistakes.

Commit message:

Docker repose with all linux dependencies has been added (#294)
* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Try to create base image

* Remove unused ref

* Add custom dockerhub

* docker_deps file has been added

* Building for deps repost has been added in server buld file

* Fix

* Fix 2

* Change working directory for docker

* Fix dockerfile name

* Fix tests

* Fix

* Save deps tag has been fixed

* Fix tag

* Create-artifacts step has been added

* Fix

* Unused deps has been removed

* No restore has been added

* Try to fix secret?

* Server build for version has been added

* Output has been changed to enc

* Fix?

* Push

* Fffff

* Remove prefix

* Try change destination adress

* Fast push

* Fast fast push

* Try to pring docker config

* Should i add v1?

* as constant

* Fix tag

* Test adress

* try to set default url

* Add manually login

* Without io

* Push 1 connect

* try to add registry

* Add 2 login?

* Push

* Fix?

* Add full script?

* ContainerTag prop has been moved

---------

Co-authored-by: TXDDTka <43994777+TXDDTka@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# Hierarchical-Sensor-Monitoring
Alternative Monitoring Solution

HSM is a solution, that allows users to collect, store and process different monitoring data from various sources. Besides traditional data sources, there is a DataCollector library, fully compatible with HSM.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43994777/236455407-9c34bbea-c718-46e2-85cb-5eac422f7543.png)

Visit [HSM wiki](https://github.com/SoftFx/Hierarchical-Sensor-Monitoring/wiki) to learn more about the project.

# Getting started

Go to [Introduction](https://github.com/SoftFx/Hierarchical-Sensor-Monitoring/wiki/Introduction) page to learn essence of the work of the product by example of connecting the construction of a graph of temperature from open sources.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43994777/229767254-e9cfb412-ebbe-42f9-8ebe-4924c75243ca.png)

# Usage

When working with HSM, the main way to visualize the state of client products is the site. The client can use the data presented in graphical or tabular form. Examples are shown below.
![1](https://github.com/SoftFx/Hierarchical-Sensor-Monitoring/blob/master/.github/Screens/Components/Components4.PNG)
![1](https://github.com/SoftFx/Hierarchical-Sensor-Monitoring/blob/master/.github/Screens/Components/Components5.PNG)

If an erroneous behavior of the sensor is detected on the side of the client application or the server (for example, the sensor is not updated for more than a specified period of time), the client has the opportunity to receive a notification about this in a telegram. Example below:

![1](https://github.com/SoftFx/Hierarchical-Sensor-Monitoring/blob/master/.github/Screens/Components/Components6.png)

Notifications can be both in private messages and in group chats. Thanks to this, the client can be aware of the status of the system from a mobile phone at any time. In the event that some of the client's sensors are in the process of being calibrated/tuned, the client can turn off error alerts for a certain amount of time, or permanently.

![1](https://github.com/SoftFx/Hierarchical-Sensor-Monitoring/blob/master/.github/Screens/Components/Components7.png)
